Fix edge cases in the ACL controller when things could fail and never recover (#46)
hashicorp/consul-ecs: CHANGELOG.md

* mesh-init: The `-envoy-bootstrap-file` option is removed, and replaced with `-envoy-bootstrap-dir`.
  The Envoy bootstrap config file is written to `envoy-bootstrap.json` within that directory.
  [[GH-42](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-ecs/pull/42)]

> * acl-controller: Service tokens should be prepopulated with `accessor_id` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* acl-controller: AWS Secrets for a service token must be prepopulated with `accessor_id` and
```

Right?
